okay and we have the be a bookie
spreadsheet for the police market in
this video we'll we'll look at the
adjust feature here and see what that
does now before look at that we'll just
like a look at this other sheets that
are available on here we have a sheet
for Lane in the Place Market race is the
only page of two places and your
marketing will be shown there and on
here you of course you only have up to
seven rooms available I was also another
sheet for laying big handicaps which pay
for places on 16 hour more runners and
of course we've got far places they're
displayed and again up to 25 runners so
the Lao is just just a same as other
sheets and so we'll just look at the
spreadsheet for three places to see how
this adjust feature works ok now this
just feature allows you to buy a stake
in in favor of the first horse or
against the first source a favor all the
other horses so I the input a positive
figure on a negative figure for the
first horse and that will affect this
row here which is the display for that
first horse being placed either if it's
placed on its own there or if it's
placed with another horse for two places
on its place with two of the horses for
three places so those figures there
those that display there is applicable
to that are just feature there now if
you are if you are just that that all
that does is it just that stick that you
put on your first horse which affects
your Marquis position so if you were
just will pour just just put an adjuster
feet figure in there
positive and a negative or positive
inched out with a 3 now that has put in
a 3 in there as reduced if two horses
are placed that has reduced that to just
down to a penny liability rather than
what it was we polish to see what it
will be par it would if two whores were
placed before which included that first
horse the prophet would have been to
pound 39 pins and if and that display
there is for all the other horses if two
horses were placed from horses to number
two OOP words that would be the power
liability there for two horses and
therefore three horses that display
there is for the first sauce plus one of
the other horses from horses number two
downwards of turn number 25 and that
nice the place for horse number one
placed with two other asses placed for
the other horses to 225 down there so if
we totally just mean that again you just
explain that again now we've reduced
that now so that if horse number one is
placed with any other horse there on the
power would be one penny now if horse
number one is not placed but two other
horses are placed that we've led the
pair will be two pounds ninety-nine
three horse is a place one of which
included horse number one that their
liability would be 20 pounds if three
horses a place which didn't include
number no horse number one the power
would be seventeen pounds in the penny
so we've biased our stake in so that if
two horses a place which include them
horse number one we almost break even
we have a little bit more pay out if
it's placed and two others are placed so
he can basis taking fought against just
the first sauce I can't do it for more
more horses down there because the
combination of steaks will be far too
large and we will need a much bigger
display to cover all the different
combinations of steaks so that's why I
can only do an adjustment for one horse
so if we saw that's what happens if we
put a positive figure in there you can
work too if you will Lane some horses
and you've pretty much fancied that that
first horse may get placed you might not
want to have to pay so much out on it so
he could buy she's taking so they
wouldn't break even or people- in if you
thought it would get if you thought it
would get blessed he could die she
staying so that if it did get place you
would make a bigger profit and then the
profit on it that is six pound 39 if
it's placed with one other horse but if
so other horses are placed from the
others it's on this the winnings now one
pound 39 okay so probably enough to get
this spreadsheet mess about with it a
little bit to see how they're just
feature works but he can base your
sneaking in favor or against just that
first horse so that's what they're just
featured us now what I didn't mention so
much on the previous video was that if
all you're successful yo yo all y'all is
successful you're doing any place horses
that is the amount that you wind down
there all y'all so Blaire's successful
so you clean up with the amount total
amount of all your sticks so
strategy-wise a strategy map if you have
you might have your own selection method
in which case you would bless probably
startled they all y'all all the horses
are you thought wouldn't close
and just take it from there keep you on
an eye on your top of percentage and
just keep playing until you're happy
with way see there the outcome which is
really all you need to look at is those
two lines they're all these all these
are down there they will always been all
the same oh they'll is the profit or
liability of was just one player sauce
all that column is all the same apart
from your first one there if you put
their just featured in there so all you
need to look at really now there's two
first lines that one includes your first
sauce if it's placed and that one
includes all the other horses without
the first one so that's what the
displays I hope that's clear now the
strategy that I employ most of all is
still a badly drawn horses if there's a
hydro advantage I'll start that stall
number one there stole number two
they're still number three there stone
them before and lay them in order until
I get towards the better on horses keep
my on a percentage and once I get into a
decent position there stop laying and
then see what happens in the race and
that's the way I go about it using this
spreadsheet so I look at start install
Scott are you okay look at the draw
advantage and lay the badly drawn horses
especially if there's a lady jockey on
on the ballad on horses on an apprentice
oh I think we'll find it more difficult
to go win the race from a disadvantaged
oh ok thanks for listening and good luck
with your trading